>> Will Sentance: Let's now,
before we come to thumbs,
we'll come to thumbs in a second.
I just wanna finish up,
I want us to have the message come in,
I want to have Sarah Rose's
inbound message come in.
Let's remind ourselves,
two parts of calling a function.
Executing its code,
in this function is gonna come and
it's going to be presumably automatically.
How do I execute code, Charlie?
What symbols tell me to execute code?
>> Speaker 2: Parentheses.
>> Will Sentance: Parentheses,
I don't see myself adding any
parentheses on there to do on incoming.
So who do you think is going to
add the parentheses, Charlie?
>> Charlie: Node will.
>> Will Sentance: Node is.
But what did I say there's another part
to executing code, taking its code and
running it, what's the other thing
that goes into executing code?
Raise your hand if you know.
Matt.
>> Matt: Saving data.
>> Will Sentance: It's almost
the right answer [LAUGH] Mohammed.
Well it's not far off, what is the other
thing that goes into running a function?
Running its code and honestly yeah
sort of but be a bit more specific,
saving what data?
>> Matt: Returning the-
>> Will Sentance: Not, quite.
Virginia?
The other thing that happens when I
want to run a function is I have to
do what's that?
>> Speaker 5: I'll insert the parameter.
The argument.
>> Will Sentance: Insert arguments,
insert data.
Two things running a function,
parens on the end to make it run its code,
the other thing insert data.
You know what?
I have a feeling that,
wouldn't it be amazing, if Node not only
took this code do all incomings code and
autoran it with what, Charlie,
how does it autorun it?
By adding?
>> Speaker 6: Parantheses.
>> Will Sentance: Parentheses,
but also, if it were there to
help me out by auto inserting arguments.
The other thing that is
needed to run a function and
wouldn't it be damn fantastic
if those arguments were
the very data that came
from Sarah Rose's Mac.
Because then inside the auto running code,
I'd have access to all the data I
need to determine what to send back.
That's exactly what happens.
Let's have a look.
Two parts of calling a function, executing
its code and inserting its inputs,
its arguments.
In multiply by two or three,
the argument's three and
we the developer inserted it.
We wrote it, I see it.
I wrote it, look, three.
Node will not only autorun our function by
inserting behind the scenes what Charlie?
>> Charlie: Parenthesis.
>> Will Sentance: Parenthesis,
easy to say it for now,
it's gonna be correct the whole time.
At the exact right moment.
What's the exact right moment?
When the message comes in
which could be tomorrow,
it could be seven weeks from now.
Does it for us,
it puts the parens on the end.
It'll also automatically insert
whatever the pertinent data is,
the relevant data is as,
why did you insert the word additional?
But additional, man.
No, as the input,
ignore that word additional,
as the argument,
as the input to that function.
I meant the word additional to
be one of the ones down here.
Sometimes it will additionally,
even as a second argument,
a second input,
insert a set of functions in an object.
And that those functions when they're
run inside the auto-run function.
The second input will be a bunch of
functions that we will access to that when
they're run will give us access
back to node which might allow
us to add data to the message
to send back to the user.
We're going to see it in action.
That's exactly what Node does.